the I've never been big on the
individual words on but I they tell me
what awards I'm looking for but I mean I
half the time I would know what they are
but I mean I think all that stuff comes
along with wedding as a team so I mean
when you collectively do it all that
will come along but um we have so many
goes I mean as a team I mean we last
year we came so close to the east
championship so I mean this year that's
the biggest goal or not it is my last
year but I mean I feel like I've been
around these guys forever so we just
just another year to play with them was
something special my family there are
there real hard on me to UM just keep
continue to I'll get better and better
you know I wanted to do it but with the
extra pushing that makes it a lot easier
for you and then the long run you're
thankful for doing the things they've
done so my family rule how they
contributed of my success others just my
initials JB this is some stars for like
I'm shooting for the stars this is my
dogs my dog did that I had him since I
was on since I was in first grade and he
died so he was like a kind of like my
family and I'm lying I dog was it was a
pit bull oh yeah and I got my arm I got
my son's name on my chest my last name
on my other chest my mom's name on my on
my trap my dad's name or other traps I
really I'm you know bigger than most of
safeties are weighed 230 pounds and it's
not usual size for safety so I gotta
know bring a different aspect to my game
where others are just you know quick and
fast and I'm bigger and I just have to
be more physical than the other guys I
mean yeah the success last year is going
to help us because you know we know how
to win we know how you're supposed to
ask me win and but you know we were the
favorites last year and we obviously
didn't get it done this year but
Cincinnati's one of the last two years
so they're the team to beat their the
you know kings of the big east so we're
just trying to chase them and knock them
off
I love coach Monson I think every player
on the team will give you that same
reaction but you know he's just he's a
Pittsburgh I'd like myself and from the
same area and he just you know he really
loves the University of Pittsburgh and
he just wants us to win more than
anything and you know he really shows
that by the way he acts and by the way
he talks and everything he does